PSMDB-1231 Added a note about incompatible downgrade from 5.0.17-14 (#704)
percona/psmdb-docs: docs/kmip.md

Starting with version 5.0.11-10, the `kmipKeyIdentifier` option is no longer mandatory. When left blank, the database server creates a key on the KMIP server and uses that for encryption. When you specify the identifier, the key with such an ID must exist on the key storage.

!!! note

>     Starting with version 5.0.15-14, the master key is stored in a raw-byte format. If you set up Percona Server for MongoDB 5.0.15-14 and wish to downgrade to some previous version, this downgrade is not possible via binary replacement. Consider using the [logical backup and restore via Percona Backup for MongoDB](https://docs.percona.com/percona-backup-mongodb/usage/start-backup.html) for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Starting with version 5.0.17-14, the master key is stored in a raw-byte format. If you set up Percona Server for MongoDB 5.0.17-14 with data-at-rest encryption using KMIP and wish to downgrade to some previous version, this downgrade is not possible via binary replacement. Consider using the [logical backup and restore via Percona Backup for MongoDB](https://docs.percona.com/percona-backup-mongodb/usage/start-backup.html) for this purpose.
```
